**1. How do you make money?**

Transactions invole a negotiation between 2 user algorithms. We take a fixed + variable fee (similar to existing payment providers) on any transaction that is closed on our platform. We also take a small fee for each transaction negotiated by a user algorithm that we make. I.e. the most we can make from a transaction is 2x algorithm fees (each user used on of our algorithms) + 1x transaction fee.

**2. When will you be profitable?**

answer

**3. Who else is working on this?**

Amazon, Wal-Mart, Google, Samsung, various blockchain startups. None of them are speaking about agency or trust, which we believe are the choke-point to widespread adoption.

**4. Why now?**

By 2020, the majority of transactions will be automated. All cars will be retrofit with hardware allowing them to communicate with eachother. There is a 3 year lead time, but almost more than that amount of work!

**5. Why would a customer trust your algorithm; wouldn't they think you're maximizing profits for z-CT?**

Our client need not trust our algorithm, it can use another company's alogrithm on our platform. This is part of our value proposition. Further, depending on the business model (flat or percentage fee), there may not be a bidding strategy that favours z-CT. Trustworthiness by design.

**6. What's the market size?**

[$20 billion by 2020.](https://github.com/z-ct/autonomous/blob/master/artifacts/product_management/market%2Binitial_customers.md)

**7. If market size is so big why hasn't anyone else done this yet?**

Other people have attempted to grasp this market, but none have focussed on our wedge, trust. Rather, they have though about shorthanding consent (e.g. through subscription or "dash buttons"). None of the people working on this can provide trust, so they are focussing elsewhere.

The only place where our wedge has been used is in financial markets trading, where now a vast majority of transactions are done through these automated networks.

**8. Who are your early adopters?**

answer

**9. How are you going to attract these early adopters to use the product?**

answer

**10. Does the car system require a critical mass of users to be effective?**

Yes, but it depends on how the autonomous cars are going to be deployed in cities and the city. They might start with exclusive lanes for autonomous cars. If that's the case, we won't need a huge critical mass to make it effective.

**11. Do you have plans to partner with car manufacturers?**

Yes. With our focus always centered on the user and trust, we are thinking the best way to partner them in order to gain users faster. 

**12. What problem are you solving?**

In the near future our things will buy more goods than we will, but this cannot work unless we **trust** our devices with our money. In Z-CT we will create a trusworthy negotiated endpoint between automated buyers and sellers that will be the platform on which to build the future of autonomous transactions.

**13. Is the trust problem big enough that a customer wouldn't trust amazon?**

answer

**14. How will you get vendors on board?**

answer

**15. How will you get payment providers on board?**

answer

**16. How will you show your users the value they are getting for non-phyisical purchases?**

At the end of the day each user will receive a brief statement with all the gains (time or money earned) that the agent made for him in that day.

**17. Do you ask for permission or forgiveness?**

Forgiveness, but witha beautiful audit trail.

**18. Do your cars just have to speak to eachother, or to a central party as well?**

answer

**19. Are you requiring pre-payment into an account, or are you giving your users credit?**

answer

**20. Won't most users of the car example have a near 0 net spend?**

Yes, but this is ok. You are gaining money when you're not in a rush and don't mind spending a little more time in your car. When you're in a rush now you will have money to bribe other cars to get out of your way.

**21. Who are we competing with?**

answer
